Once upon a time...

[Chapter 1]
  It seemed as if the zombies came from all directions.  They even were falling from the heavens.  Was this God's punishment for the sins of man?
  Who honestly knows, because I sure as hell don't.  I never in my life thought I would see the dead raining from the skies.  But here we are, 
  fighting for our lives.  Who would have ever imagined this happening to the entire planet?
  
  The WHO didn't alert us when they started falling in Cambodia.  Nor did they alert us when they started falling in Japan.  It wasn't until
  they started falling all over Europe, Asia, and Africa.  But by then, there were monsoons of undead cadavers pooring all over the streets of 
  New York, Seattle, Los Angeles, Miami, and everywhere between.
  
  Where on Earth were these things coming from?  This seems to be straight out of a sci-fi movie.  NASA confirmed that they were approaching 
  our atmosphere from the deepest parts of space.  But nobody saw them coming.  It was as if a portal opened up around our planet and flooded us 
  with billions of alien zombies.  Many thought they would just burn up in our atmosphere as they plummeted straight to the ground.  Flaming and 
  flesh falling from their bones, it was as if their bodies endured the cruelest of eternal torment.
  
  Now more than half of the world's population has been wiped out.  What are we to do to rebuild our civilization?  No matter how many we kill, 
  they just keep coming.  These space zombies finally finished raining down on us and the militaries around the globe have tried to wipe out as 
  many as they could.  Who could have prepared us for this?  Nothing I have ever read in books could cover this strange catastrophe 
  of epidemic, bubonic proportions.  And I'm not sure we will ever contain it or recover from this.
  
  All we can do now is fight for our lives.  We must fight for our survival.  We must kill or be killed.  If we fail, then the human race will 
  finally be eradicated and Mother Nature will have to correct herself...or the dead will finally rule this world.

[Chapter 2]
  As the dust began to settle, the true devistation started to come to light for those of us that survived. Subdivisions of homes had been reduced 
  to burned piles of wood and cities blocks were left in rubble. Our priority was to rebuild and to locate other survivors, all the while fighting 
  off what remained of the alien zombie dead. They were a fierce adversary to say the least. We took up arms in the form of pitchforks and machetes. 
  Anyone strong enough to wield our homemade weaponry was called upon. 
  
  We were 30 strong. People from neighboring towns had joined ranks. We had a strong foot hold on the area south of town. We were able to keep the 
  zombies at bay long enough to erect a stronghold that would temporarily keep us secure from impending and excruciating death. As we sat within our
  walls, arrogant and smug, we were unaware that a massive herd of zombies were headed directly toward us from the east. When we realized what was 
  happening, it was too late. We wouldn't be able to defend ourselves. We didnt have enough people or adequate resources.
  
  All of a sudden, there was a streak of blinding light that tore through the night sky. A flash coming down from the heavens. It was too bright to 
  look directly at. As it appeared to set like the harvest moon, there was a massive explosion. We were at a loss for words. Everything we had worked 
  so hard to accomplish was seemingly falling to the wasteside. When we had thought all hope was lost, the most remarkable and uncany series 
  of events began to unfold.....

[Chapter 666, I mean...3]
  As the light subsided and our eyes adjusted, we were greeted by two shadowy figures standing tall and proud. Who were these two, that were sent
  down from the skies? Were they on our side, or were they against us? Our questions were soon answered. The zombie horde cowered in their presence. 
  Those that were able fled in any direction they could, and few could escape the wrath of these heroes.
  
  The two figures emerged, their hair seeming to blow from a breeze that didn't exist. Their clothes were too clean for them to have seen any form 
  of hardship. Our two "heroes" turned out to be nothing more than a couple of A-Listers from Hollywood. It was then, and only then that we all realized 
  were were in what had to undoubtedly be the latest installment of World War Z. We had all unwittingly played a part in Jerry Bruckheimer's latest movie.
  
  While all of this might have been nothing more than an elaborate movie plot, it showed us all that in the face of danger, we could and would band
  together for the common cause. We would prevail. . . if only on the theaters.

  The End
